Command Line Usage:

    Available options with their defaults:
    -i [REQUIRED]               Input file to parse

    -o                          Output file for PNG (stdout if omitted)

    -h 64                       Height of output image. The height of each channel will be constrained
                                so that all channels can fit within the specified height.

                                If used with the -t option, -h defines the maximum height the
                                generated image can have. If all tracks can have a height of -t
                                with the final image being below the height defined by -h, the
                                output image will have a height of -t multiplied by the number of
                                channels in the input file. If not, the output image will have a
                                height of -h.

    -t 64                       Height of each track in the output image. The final height of the
                                output png will be this value multiplied by the number of channels
                                in the audio stream.

                                If you use the -t option together with the -h option, the
                                final output will use -t if all tracks can fit within the height
                                constraint defined by the -h option. If they can not, the track
                                height will be adjusted to fit within the -h option.

    -w 256                      Width of output PNG image

    -m                          Produce a single channel waveform. Each channel will be averaged
                                together to produce the final channel. The -h and -t options behave
                                as though the input file is monaural.

Examples:

    TODO

Dependencies:

    ffmpeg 2.1.1
        - libavformat 55.19.104
        - libavcodec 55.39.101
        - libavutil 52.48.101
    libpng 1.5.18

TODO:
    add padding between channels
    fix help text
    Pass in color information
